>> Brian Holt: So definitely is
something that we would wanna do
because we wanna make search
read from as well, right?
Cuz now we have searchTerm in reducts and
we have search as state of search, right?
So lets go to search.jsx,
and lets go break all of our tests again
which is exactly what we're gonna do.
So we're gonna import { connect
} from "react-redux".
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so we are actually
going to use our context here.
So we're gonna see how to use context.
Okay, so we have search which,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
that's what we're doing wrong here.
Yep, so sideline this for a second.
We actually need to go back to landing for
a second and finish doing this.
Cuz the problem is we have no way of
actually getting to the search page,
with our search term, right?
So what we wanna do here is,
we're gonna be, import React, import that,
and then we're gonna import Link,
which we did.
We're going to import Object,
>> Brian Holt: From prop types,
which I'll show you why in just a second.
>> Brian Holt: And
we have a search term that's all good.
We're gonna turn landing into a class
now because we're gonna have to do,
we're gonna have to have methods.
So class, let's just do it this way.
Class landing, extends Reatc.Component.
You have to import that up here as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
it's gonna have a render method.
>> Brian Holt: Which is just going to,
>> Brian Holt: Return that, okay, and
then I need have is this props.
Which rewind to have up here, so
props are that,
>> Brian Holt: Then again, I
just love to sing the phrases are prettier
this is super ugly formatted, right?
But the nice thing about it is, as soon
as I save, prettier just rescues me and
fixes all of my indentations and
stuff like that, I really like that.
So now we have to refer to
props as this stop props.
So this stop props there,
and why did you do that?
I don't want you to,
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
>> Brian Holt: Nice if those
are on multiple lines.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: So now we've agreed for
a factor to be in ENX class,
now what we want to do is any time
the user hits Enter in landing,
we want to route them to the search page,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So
the way we're gonna have to do that.
Is we're gonna have to listen for
an enter keys, right?
And as soon as they hit Enter,
we're going to change the location from
the landing page to the search page,
right?
So the way you do that is you have to get
access to what's called
the history object.
And so you're gonna say static,
contextTypes = history: object.
>> Brian Holt: So what this is,
one it's just a good idea to declare that
this component has a dependency
on this context item.
But the other thing is, unless you declare
to react, it's like, hey I'm gonna be
looking for this context item,
React actively hides context from you.
The reason why is it does not want you
to use it unless you explicitly mean to.
So it's gonna force you to say,
no React, I actually do want history.
Otherwise, if I say this.context.history,
despite the fact that
it's actually technically there,
it's not gonna let me access it.
So you actually have to opt into that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
the way we're going to make this work.
And I find this to be a useful
way of handling events,
in particular of keyboards.
Cuz you can actually just have a form
above it, and then say, onSubmit.
This.goToSearch.
>> Brian Holt: I will say this
is not the only way to do it,
this is just one way
I've found nice to do it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now we just need
to write this go to search function.
>> Brian Holt: So goToSearch, goToSearch,
we're gonna make it an arrow function
because it's going to refer
to something on context.
So it's gonna be equal to,
event: SyntheticEvent like that.
>> Brian Holt: And then, the first thing
we're gonna say is event.preventDefault.
I'm sure many of you
have done that before.
This is going to prevent
the forum from submitting.
And then we're gonna say this,
>> Brian Holt: I didn't even use that.
Well, yeah, okay.
We actually don't even need
the context types here.
I forgot the React router changes
the way that they do context types.
So go ahead and delete that, and
delete the object from prop types.
And instead,
you're gonna say this.props history, so
the way they used to work with
react router like v3 and v4,
is that you had to opt in and
use context types, access history.
Now it's actually injected to every route.
So we can actually, because landing
is a route it has access to history.
So we're gonna say this.props.history.push
>> Brian Holt: /search.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
It's gonna say hey,
I don't know what history is.
This is what flow is gonna say.
Luckily we can type that pretty well.
So come up here and say, import type.
>> Brian Holt: {RouterHistory, yep,
RouterHistory} from 'react-router-dom'.
And then we can say history
is a RouterHistory type.
>> Brian Holt: That fixes everything.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, there's a few
different things.
Could you use a redirect component?
>> Brian Holt: Totally could.
So there's an imperative way and
a declarative way of doing it.
So, react-router has a redirect
component that, if a redirect
component ever gets rendered,
then it redirects somewhere else.
I'm a little uneasy with that paradigm,
because you would
do something like if blonde,
then redirect this way.
Yeah, I prefer to just use history
directly, but that's up to you.
>> Speaker 2: Does using Redux
eliminate the need to use
local React component states since each
component can subscribe to the particular
portion of the Redux state?
>> Brian Holt: That is up to you, I'm
gonna say that the way I choose to write
React when I have Redux, cuz I kinda
separate two different kinds of state.
I have application state and
I have view state, right?
View state is something that's like
particular to the presentation.
It's gonna be like is this in focus or
where am I scrolling like those
sorts of things that have to do with how
I'm presenting my particular component.
I still have that dev in react state.
And then application state is things like,
things that came back from the API.
And those sorts of things that could
be used across the application.
That's kind of up to you how you
dev that up, I would say that
the dividing between application and view
state is a pretty common way to do it.
But totally up to you.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, some people are saying
that a global apps state versus
a local component, use set state for
the local component state,
versus a global app state.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, totally.
>> Speaker 2: Can't you use
history directly from the router?
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
this works this way.
I think this is a good way of doing it.
There's other ways to accessing history,
but I think this is good.